our peeps abuzer here take a look at the
new android marketplace has been updated
since the rollout of gingerbread as you
can see is a motion if you guys would
have seen it before it was very plain
and brown there's nothing in comparison
to gr the apple store but no they've
updated it you can see it goes landscape
as well so on check all the apps if I
leak wait a few new categories there
further may be easier to browse is on
productivity in photography
personalization there's one fillet
wallpaper separately there's a new one
for widgets which shows all the apps
that have with your capability so I'm
very interesting little it looks great
it's pretty simple I start one fall with
your market after it seems that the
android marketplace is not international
so in anbar bills we can't buy up to
alexs for a us credit card well in there
is a wide variety of websites available
there you can get a lot of the paid apps
for free and send out most of the apps
on the android marketplace are free the
ones that they have ad supported free
version so if you don't mind looking at
I'd every now and then then you will
have any problem until the market goes
global so one other thing I'm going to
show you this in this video this is ian
like a more recently called dungeon
defenders to see my little spiffy I'm
treaty interface and rocking here right
now you had a flash off the original
room because as slow as hell Samsung is
terrible for making software good
hardware trouble software I think they
should stop make sure they find their
some alright so I'm dungeon
defenders will be first game on the
Android platform running on the unreal 3
engine there's a very interesting again
because it offers a unique cross
compatibility whereas me on my Android
device can play against my friends on
their computers and their iPhones I'm
not sure if this costs about ability of
the consoles for definitely success
I enjoyed a stability PC I'm the 800 as
you can see part biotechnology is quite
interesting objects going to come here
huh it's a bit of a demo and sorted out
there mr. hello oh I skipped it ha
i know the server technology at four x
games play which is pretty interesting
as well let's enjoy yeah the store begin
once long ago brave warriors across the
realm stood together and have against an
immortal evil known as the old ones in
the wake of this struggle the champions
marked away the power of the old ones
inside Eternia crystals
recently the realms heroes called to a
faraway crusade have left their younger
kin to tend the castle and its chores
bored with their dreary duties and
imagined action and adventure the pupils
accidentally unleash an ancient force
that has long been dormant now these
heroes in training have to grow up
quickly
and together they will defend the
attorney of customs against those who
seek to Maserati ancient evils
our girl that was the intro for Dungeon
Defenders so check it out game is very
interesting as it is a mix of a large
honors and one it's basically an RTS RPG
tower defense defense of the ancient
type game all in one and all those sales
up action in front of it so yeah it's
pretty cool i'm gonna give you a quick
look at a quite much a little clearer my
player or later everyone follow so yeah
the game is ashley four player co-op i'm
going to displacing apparent much they
don't want but you trouble looking for
march online and keep users with him of
course so yea though in the game camera
was a bit of a performance hall for the
actual system requirements for this game
is pretty high you need a little wonky
processor for kids around sorry for 12
megabytes around um yeah yeah good point
around this so it it's says it's going
to run on so many meds and devices like
the nexus one and the other places in
between the droid droid x what's not of
course you hiring defense devices like
you sound so again LCS and be hyper to
tablets and stuff we're good to go for
this again so we're longing on my chair
it drop you into this these different
rums the different stages and basically
you i began the master is called the
bill things you will see all you do is
run around you grab up these are little
treasure chest above these points
sometimes items basically these little
green things give me energy allows me to
building defenses know it being a tower
defense game obviously there's something
that we defend this is the main yes as
you can see the game looks really good
to zoom in or
full 3d mountain and less burdensome pc
games with wall-to-wall pc games so I'm
just gonna put them at all really quick
and just start your war be awful web and
then yeah so it has a full 18
customization you can see my XP bar at
the bottom lip Rayfield him I'm gonna
drop off quick dispenser punctured
luckiest turret to me young for coffee
buddy square he made for the apprentice
oh no very different campus though he's
the professor weapons from a ranch on
the other so I'm just in the bill bill 0
all right i started be calm about this
so the enemies will be coming from
different locations mini mark just said
lots in the dancers here I'm a little on
there and kill some this is the
mini map button here you can see more
you can see the you can see a little
green dot those are the goblins and
what's mom making the reward me what
about engage some of these guys not be
proud
Sarah's oh hell hole again and
again well as you get further into the
ribs and difficulty of the difficulty of
the years ago from Creech this
particular my paws six lives bosses into
it wall oh well it's meant to be doing
for players i guess the mouth or more
enemies coming but it's being with 14
you're only putting it in Salvin
difficulty jumping markov error so yeah
that was just tons of defenders guys
check it out on the marketplace to those
99 cents if you have ourselves a us
credit card if not then the other ways
you can get around go check on any of
the random smartphone forms i would
probably post a list to a site or to my
comment so yeah that's it